hi I'm lean beauty editor say we came
today I'm going to be showing you how to
give yourself a budget pedicure some of
the key ingredients you will need our
oats for your sitting foot soak some oil
and rock salt for your exfoliation and
I'm going to finish off with these these
are blank meal appliques I've used them
before they're absolutely fantastic love
these at the moment these will give the
tour nails a lovely blame designer
finish first off grab yourself a cup
full of boats put it in either a napkin
or an old sock and tie with an elastic
band and pop it into your Basin or foot
spa or some hot soapy water so I'm going
to begin by exfoliating the feet and a
great way to do that and a fairly
economical way is to use simple oil and
salt or you could use sugar or for very
effective at removing the dead skin and
obviously tick some and your hand and
you rub onto the feet like so it's often
handed to have a towel on the floor it
can get messy and I would rob for a
couple of minutes no for the best part
sit back and relax for 10 to 15 minutes
of your feet resting in the first the
skin should know feel soft and smooth
because of the skin softening properties
of the aughts and also the deep
exfoliation so thoroughly dry your feet
and toes and now it's time to push the
curtains back with an orange stick legs
sore and also to fail fail straight
across and one direction leg saw
now it's time to apply the nail polish
so now i'm going to apply my budget
pedicure must have this is bling Neil
appliqués and they are a great
alternative to main snooze they are just
gorgeous big of such a glam work as what
about to see I was so easy to use so
what we're going to do so simply take
them off put them on like so press down
fold over and with annual fail fail off
the sides
tada
so there you have a budget pedicure you
can do home with solid results with
gorgeous bling at the key nails and
silver jam to give the funky wow factor
don't forget to give us a like on
facebook and also to subscribe to say we
can change your child